everyone is at score 64 1166
sings of spicheren blur today on
finds himself for the new snub
face with glitch camouflage chameleon
it is in the case of popular tv
finally popular communities this is where
first is called yesterday camo so
I throw
and by the way, it's really something
it's not like we liked them
do it's really pgm from the computer
must be said so you will see in
do if you do not know that
camouflage that change color
randomly
when I say randomly about the fact
it does not change every second
or years it's not in loop mode what's that
changes according to a time defined by the pgm
of the computer so that's basically they
could put a second off
between two tricks like ten minutes so
there you can already see that it's red
that's how vexed are color because
good I have to wait 50 years to be able to
to show you another color that must
not be super super cool too ok so
okay
lost your head you have no more head on
shoulders my guy can you change from
color my guy please good good
in any case could that already
colors that I have there are not abate
shutter so there you could see it in
live a live my mouth that color by
bt again here is it
there you could see live so you
have seen that can change very quickly
as we can wait 50 years to have
a color so here you have been able
see another color it's really a
system that was that was well done
this is unfortunately in my opinion we can
no we can not play with online
it's really a shame but it's there
frankly it's well done so here
there you could see that he changed
again against the c was super too
quickly I understood what comes from
happen
so little big up to my youtube channel
twitter is 460 low subscribe if you
I want you to go for a ride in
Younger go out a new video
with we had put back so frankly
here is to see it would be a huge pleasure
and
and here we are so it was a little one
little video discovered to show you
a little what that camouflage looked like
chameleon chameleon chameleon camo lo
quite simply
so here it was toaster 64 960 going
take a ride on my youth channel
padawan and I will not thank you a tone
franc kinder go ciao ciao